OCPBUGS#5193: Added descriptive commands in opm CLI reference section. (#57337)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/opm-cli-ref-serve.adoc

|===
|Flag |Description

|`--cache-dir` (string)
|If set, sync and persist server cache directory.

|`--cache-enforce-integrity`
|Exit with error is cache is not present or has been invalidated. Default: True when `--cache-dir` is set and `--cache-only` is false, false otherwise.

|`--cache-only`
|Sync the serve cache and exit without serving.

|`--debug`
|Enable debug logging.

|`h`, `--help`
|Help for serve.

|`-p`, `--port` (string)
|Port number to serve on. Default: `50051`.

|`--pprof-addr` (string)
|Address of startup profiling endpoint. Addr: Port format.

|`-t`, `--termination-log` (string)

> |Path to a container termination log file. Default: `/dev/termination-log`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Path to a container termination log file. The default value is `/dev/termination-log`.
```

|===
|Flag |Description

|`--cache-dir` (string)
|If this flag is set, it syncs and persists the server cache directory.

|`--cache-enforce-integrity`

> |Exits with an error, if the cache is not present or is invalidated. The default value is `true` when the `--cache-dir` flag is set and the `--cache-only` flag is `false`. Otherwise, the default is `false`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|Exits with an error if the cache is not present or is invalidated. The default value is `true` when the `--cache-dir` flag is set and the `--cache-only` flag is `false`. Otherwise, the default is `false`.
```

|`--cache-only`
|Syncs the serve cache and exits without serving.

|`--debug`
|Enables debug logging.

|`h`, `--help`
|Help for serve.

|`-p`, `--port` (string)

> |The port number to serve on. The default value is `50051`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|The port number for the service. The default value is `50051`.
```

|`--pprof-addr` (string)

> |The address of the startup profiling endpoint. Addr: Port format.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|The address of the startup profiling endpoint. Addr:Port format.
```

Reviewer 2: Suggestion: I believe there is no space adjacent to the ":"

Author: Done.

|`-t`, `--termination-log` (string)

> |The path to a container termination log file. The dafault value is `/dev/termination-log`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|The path to a container termination log file. The default value is `/dev/termination-log`.
```
